README.md, before:

<a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/timehack/timehack"><img src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8x34p8b0i2idblgd?svg=true" style="border: 0;" alt="AppVeyor Badge"></a>

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/234414439330349056/widget.png?style=shield)](https://discord.gg/FZgQMDe)

# TimeHACK
## The original hacking simulator!
TimeHACK is a C# version of the PC game Histacom, released by 12padams in 2010. Here are some of our goals:
* Get TimeHACK to the same playable state that Histacom is in.
* Write a new engine and make an API to develop your own applications.
* Create a new Window Manager to make the development of apps easier.

## Building
TimeHACK is currently being developed on Microsoft Visual Studio 2017. Visual Studio 2015 has also been proven to work. If you are using a different IDE, please use caution. We cannot guarantee the stability of other IDEs.

Load the ``.SLN`` project file into Visual Studio and compile. No further steps are required. This list may grow in the future.

## Links
TimeHACK has a forum at http://www.ashifter.ml/timehack/forum

TimeHACK has a Discord at https://discord.gg/FZgQMDe (You can also click on the Purple Discord Badge)

TimeHACK has an AppVeyor at https://ci.appveyor.com/project/timehack/timehack (You can also use the AppVeyor Badge)

## Documentation
TimeHACK Documentation can be found at the TimeHACK Wiki. https://github.com/TimeHACKDevs/TimeHACK/wiki 

## Other Repositories
We do have another repo which is of an completely discontinued porject called "HistacomVB", the idea of it being that it was, rather than a rewrite like this, the old game except being built upon. In the end however we stopped it because have "HistacomVB" and "TimeHACK" was just stupid. If you REALLY want to see the repo you can here: http://www.github.com/TimeHACKDevs/HistacomVB

## License
TimeHACK is Licensed under the [MIT Software license](https://github.com/TimeHACKDevs/TimeHACK/blob/master/LICENSE). All code contributed to the TimeHACK project is the property of the TimeHACK development team, and will not be removed upon request.

Commit message:

Added the YT channel to README

README.md, after:


<a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/timehack/timehack"><img src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8x34p8b0i2idblgd?svg=true" style="border: 0;" alt="AppVeyor Badge"></a>

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/234414439330349056/widget.png?style=shield)](https://discord.gg/FZgQMDe)

# TimeHACK
## The original hacking simulator!
TimeHACK is a C# version of the PC game Histacom, released by 12padams in 2010. Here are some of our goals:
* Get TimeHACK to the same playable state that Histacom is in.
* Write a new engine and make an API to develop your own applications.
* Create a new Window Manager to make the development of apps easier.

## Building
TimeHACK is currently being developed on Microsoft Visual Studio 2017. Visual Studio 2015 has also been proven to work. If you are using a different IDE, please use caution. We cannot guarantee the stability of other IDEs.

Load the ``.SLN`` project file into Visual Studio and compile. No further steps are required. This list may grow in the future.

## Links
TimeHACK has a forum at http://www.ashifter.ml/timehack/forum

TimeHACK has a Discord at https://discord.gg/FZgQMDe (You can also click on the Purple Discord Badge)

TimeHACK has an AppVeyor at https://ci.appveyor.com/project/timehack/timehack (You can also use the AppVeyor Badge)

TimeHACK has a YouTube channel at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU3uiIgHdLaNvPYEB1hWPsg (This has a tutorial on how to contribute)

## Documentation
TimeHACK Documentation can be found at the TimeHACK Wiki. https://github.com/TimeHACKDevs/TimeHACK/wiki 

## Other Repositories
We do have another repo which is of an completely discontinued porject called "HistacomVB", the idea of it being that it was, rather than a rewrite like this, the old game except being built upon. In the end however we stopped it because have "HistacomVB" and "TimeHACK" was just stupid. If you REALLY want to see the repo you can here: http://www.github.com/TimeHACKDevs/HistacomVB

## License
TimeHACK is Licensed under the [MIT Software license](https://github.com/TimeHACKDevs/TimeHACK/blob/master/LICENSE). All code contributed to the TimeHACK project is the property of the TimeHACK development team, and will not be removed upon request.
